commenter days up your initial reblog
the world
in calmed down scary probably are a
whole team I'll try Oh Hank grab hankook
complaining pitch you remember the whole
team hello guys fighter oh you guys did
yeah I did too but there's like the
pearly gates and like angels and stuff
like that all up there and they shoot me
out and like Here I am again this is oh
fun football a vision a mystery guy
think down to you I ever to you oh never
having to you my entire life I don't
know
oh I'm gonna go take a log yeah I can
live with that here Chuck Reef
populating our people oh yeah sorry
Paris silly round now people what does I
hear about a sniper this paper up there
Hannah this is there up there on the
furniture let me check recheck hey why
don't you take off I know it's a very
limited medical attention here let me
try now you got a snake still it says
insert you into blood I don't know what
it means but hey it's got to be
something I only get once i forgot what
i was taking okay fact that there are
some of the oddest moments in my life
but hey your heels here was peel will
tell you there
yeah how to play that's why I make your
let's go
Oh
are you kind of cricket
I have no idea in action
I steak it's like a giant
Oh
can use it to kill those good
that first so get the guys kill him what
is wrong with you oh shit
Wow my